#MEETING
**Agenda:**                             Progress of the project
**Date:**                                  9th â€“ 17th February, 2018
**Location:**                           Group Page 
**Members Present:**          All members

#Summary:
*	Sarah showed samples(tables) of the database to the group for modifications.
*	Sarpong suggested that we add more features to the database like files and voting tables and also IDs to distinguish each table.
*	Sarah and Hassan worked on the ER diagrams for the database.
*	Cyril showed the work he had done on the web portal.
*	Jamal brought up ideas to be implemented on the designs 
*	The CEO asked if Cyril had tested the work he had done for errors
*	Hassan said he was having problems with getting his emulator  to work.
*	The meeting was brought to an end.
